You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
That you give them a home when they don't want to be in their own.
So take care with your names and change them when you find better ones.
If it's possible for us to present them with the correct answers, we should do that.
We know there's life on our own world, but that doesn't tell us whether life is normal or not.
Doesn't really matter if you're on the run, it seems like we're meant to be.
And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.
I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going.
Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.
They thought us the final frontier, that sentiment couldn't have been more true.
At the same time, the second we took over was the second we sealed our fate.
Under its influence, time has no more measure, space has no more distance.
For every man there is a cause which he would gladly die for.
The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope.
There must be more I can tell her if she really wants me to help her.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
I long to see the day that the skies come crashing down upon your schemes.
Birds fly because they were born to, not because they want to.
I was never scared of dying alone until I knew what it was like to have a home.
When you find that one person who connects you to the world, you become someone different.
You can tell from the lines on her face, you can see that she's been there.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment.
We live less than the time it takes to blink an eye, if we measure our lives against eternity.
I just want to know if you would listen with me to the sound of our heartbeats.
Any man who has seen the face of death knows better than to seek him out a second time.
Again, I go back to the working really hard to get someone else a piece thing.
And my problem was that I always tried to go in everyone's way but my own.
I also wish I'd known earlier that such a delay was not abnormal among my generation.
If it wasn't for that person, you wouldn't be here digging holes in the hot sun.
Communication with others takes place when they understand what you're trying to say.
May your coming year be filled with magic and dreams and good madness.
One moment you're on top of the world and nothing can go wrong.
I define greatness as the intersection of passion, purpose and potential.
When I was a child, I'd sit for hours, staring into open flames.
Don't you ever tame your demons, but always keep them on a leash.
I know it's not all the answers, but it was enough to start putting these pieces together.
He'll have to sit and watch them all and we'll monitor his mind.
And you know me, shoot, there's a minute or two left here, let's have us a happy tree.
If you want him to live inside that oval, you put that rascal in there and keep him in there.
A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio, and I won't tell no one your name.
You know, also, that for a number of years I've been trying to get control of it.
And the vision that was planted in my brain still remains, within the sound of silence.
Very few sentences come out right the first time, or even the third time.
The withered leaves collect at my feet and the wind begins to moan.
Such a thing would be greater than all the magic and all the treasures in all the world!
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels.
50 years I spent like that, finding myself awake at three in the morning.
Somewhere in the forest where the waters meet lie the days before us.
And I'm turning to the horoscope and looking for the funnies when I'm feeling someone watching.
There are spaces between the joints, and the blade of the knife has really no thickness.
Moral of the story is: I chose a half measure when I should have gone all the way.
We've never lost an American in space, we're sure as hell not gonna lose one on my watch.
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.
Are you up there in the silver clouds, or hopping here and there down on the ground?
Those feathers look delightful on you, I can't tell if they're old or new.
And in all of my years of public life, I have never obstructed justice.
I think dreamy things as I'm waving goodbye, so I'll spread out my wings and fly.
Every day that I don't beg Cardan for forgiveness over a feud he started is a day I win.
I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed.